c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.pri
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Client.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Configuration.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Core.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Projekte\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\obj\Debug\OpcUa_Hololens_client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Projekte\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\Projekte\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OpcUa_Hololens_client\OpcUa_Hololens_client\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
