c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\EndpointTesting.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\EndpointTesting.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\EndpointTesting.pri
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Client.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Configuration.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Core.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Client.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\bin\Debug\Opc.Ua.Core.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\EndpointTesting.dll
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\EndpointTesting.pdb
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\projekte\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Projekte\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EndpointTesting\EndpointTesting\obj\Debug\EndpointTesting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
